Show example for custom view in readme (#140)
Shopify/FunctionalTableData: README.md

At the end of the day `HostCell` is just one of the possible implementations of `CellConfigType`, that's the underlying power of this framework.

### Building custom Cells

In order to build custom cells we will need to have 3 parts:

1. A custom view class

> 2. A class to manage the view state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. An object to manage the view state
```

 I don't think any example we have are using classes tho.

> 3. A list builder that defines the `HostCell<View, State, Layout>`

Reviewer: We don't need this step, this is just the convention we have been using

Author: I can put is as optional?

Let's build a view replicating a new iMessage cell

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7354919/54960747-30073200-4f1b-11e9-86c2-bb4b4fc4c5c1.png" />

The first step is to build the custom view:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

class MessageView: UIView {

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

addSubview(stackView)

let constraints: [NSLayoutConstraint] = [
profilePicture.heightAnchor.constraint(equalToConstant: 60),
profilePicture.widthAnchor.constraint(equalToConstant: 60),
profilePicture.leadingAnchor.constraint(equalTo: leadingAnchor),
profilePicture.topAnchor.constraint(equalTo: topAnchor, constant: 12),
profilePicture.bottomAnchor.constraint(equalTo: bottomAnchor, constant: -12),
stackView.centerYAnchor.constraint(equalTo: profilePicture.centerYAnchor),
stackView.topAnchor.constraint(greaterThanOrEqualTo: topAnchor),
stackView.bottomAnchor.constraint(lessThanOrEqualTo: bottomAnchor),
stackView.leadingAnchor.constraint(equalTo: profilePicture.trailingAnchor, constant: 12),
stackView.trailingAnchor.constraint(lessThanOrEqualTo: timeStampLabel.leadingAnchor, constant: -12),
timeStampLabel.trailingAnchor.constraint(equalTo: trailingAnchor),
timeStampLabel.topAnchor.constraint(equalTo: topAnchor)
]
NSLayoutConstraint.activate(constraints)

profilePicture.layer.borderWidth = 1
profilePicture.layer.borderColor = UIColor.black.cgColor
profilePicture.layer.cornerRadius = 30
profilePicture.backgroundColor = UIColor.gray

> nameLabel.text = "FirstName LastName"

Reviewer: We shouldn't put values here, these are controlled by the State

        nameLabel.font = UIFont.systemFont(ofSize: 18, weight: .medium)
        messageLabel.font = UIFont.systemFont(ofSize: 15, weight: .light)

        timeStampLabel.font = UIFont.systemFont(ofSize: 12, weight: .light)

>         timeStampLabel.setContentHuggingPriority(.required, for: .horizontal)

Reviewer: Maybe we can skip this whole thing and just add a comment?

```
func setupConstraints() {
  // implement your auto layout code
}
```

This function is taking a lot of space and its something unrelated to making Custom Cells

Author: yea thats valid

    }
}
```

Next, we'll build the `MessageViewState` struct that will take care of setting all the views properties:

```swift

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

struct Message {
    let name: String
    let image: UIImage
    let date: Date
    let text: String
}

struct MessageViewState: Equatable {

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(Same for all the places that there is a line between the declaration and the code) :)

let date: Date
let name: String
let message: String
let image: UIImage

init(message: Message) {
self.date = message.date
self.name = message.name
self.message = message.text
self.image = message.image
}

static func updateView(_ view: MessageView, state: MessageViewState?) {
guard let state = state else { return }
view.timeStampLabel.text = "\(state.date)"
view.nameLabel.text = state.name
view.messageLabel.text = state.message
view.profilePicture.image = state.image
}

> 

Reviewer: All this code needs formatting. For simplicity (since this is getting pretty long) Why not use directly MessageViewState. instead of wrapping everything into `struct Message`

Author: I had it with the multiple values at first but thought it would be simpler to explain the relationship between the model and state objects by passing it directly

```

Finally, the `MessageListBuilder` will accept an array of `Messages` and return the appropriate `TableSection`. We will define a custom `HostCell` called `MessageCell` and pass in our custom `MessageView`, `MessageViewState` and layout

```swift

struct MessageListBuilder {

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

//custom HostCell
private typealias MessageCell = HostCell<MessageView, MessageViewState, LayoutMarginsTableItemLayout>

static func sections(messages: [Message]) -> TableSection {
var rows = [CellConfigType]()
for message in messages {
// each cell should have a unique key
rows.append(MessageCell(key: "\(message)-\(UUID().uuidString)-cell", state: MessageViewState(message: message)) { (view, state) in

})
}
return TableSection(key: "entire-table", rows: rows)
}
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can skip the builder, we have an example above right? If not, directly just creating the cell without `MessageListBuilder` would be fine

Author: I don't see a list builder in the current read me. I think it can be valuable to explain that if you have multiple types of `CellConfigType` it is easy to pass all of that logic to the list builder. What do you think? I can make that clearly in the text

Reviewer: What I meant is that a list builder is not part of FunctionalTableData, is just a way for us to centralize the creating of the cells.

I still don't think we should be coupling Models + ListBuilders into this README. Those two are just tied to how we do things, but may not be how people should do it
